[Music]
let's go to a place
where everything is made of blocks
where the only limit is your imagination
let's go wherever you want to go climb
the tallest mountains
venture down to the darkest caves
build anything you want day or night
rain or shine because this is the most
significant sandbox you'll ever set foot
in
build a majestic castle invent a new
machine
or take a ride on a roller coaster play
with friends
build your own little community protect
yourself with the strongest armor that
you can craft
and fight off the dangers of the night
no one can tell you what you can or
cannot do with no rules to follow
this adventure it's up to you
you